ACTORS:

Admin
User
Band owner/admin (?)
Band moderator
Band Member
Visitor

Visitor:
As a Visitor, I want to register myself into the system, so that I can login.
As a Visitor, I want to login into the system, so that I can access privileged information.
As a Visitor, I want access to the Home Page, so that I can see a description of the website.

User:
As a User, I want to access my Profile Page and change my information, so that it stays up to date.
As a User, I want to access the Feed Page, so that I can see posts from the users/bands I follow.
As a User, I want to follow other users, so that I can see their posts on my feed page.
As a User, I want to unfollow other users, so that I no longer see their posts on my feed page.
As a User, I want to follow bands, so that I can see their posts on my feed page.
As a User, I want to unfollow bands, so that I no longer see their posts on my feed page.
As a User, I want to create bands' pages, so that I can share my band with other people.
As a User, I want to apply to bands, so I can join a band looking for a musician.
As a User, I want to post on the system, so that I can share content.
As a User, I want to comment on posts from users/bands I follow, so that I can share my opinion.
As a User, I want to remove my comments/posts from the system, so that I can remove unnecessary comments/posts.
As a User, I want to report other bands/users' behaviour, so that negative users or negative content gets removed from the system.
As a User, I want to rate other users/bands, so that I can evaluate their quality. (?)
As a User, I want to chat with other users, so that I can keep contact with them.
As a User, I want to access other users' profile pages, so that I can see their information and posts.
As a User, I want to access bands' pages, so that I can see their information and posts.

Band Owner:
As a Band Owner, I want to access the band's page, so that I can see what has been posted there.
As a Band Onwer, I want to post on the band's page, so that I can keep it updated.
As a Band Owner, I want to remove posts from the band's page, so that I can remove unnecessary posts.
As a Band Owner, I want to recruit users to the band, so that they can be band members.
As a Band Owner, I want to remove users from the band, so that they no longer are band members.
As a Band Owner, I want to schedule concerts, so that (?).
As a Band Owner, I want to chat with other band's members, so that we can talk privately on the system.

Band Moderator:
As a Band Moderator, I want to access the band's page, so that I can see what has been posted there.
As a Band Moderator, I want to post on the band's page, so that I can keep it updated.
As a Band Moderator, I want to remove posts from the band's page, so that I can remove unnecessary posts.
As a Band Moderator, I want to chat with other band's members, so that we can talk privately on the system.

Band Member:
As a Band Member, I want to access the band's page, so that I can see what has been posted there.
As a Band Member, I want to chat with other band's members, so that we can talk privately on the system.

Administrator:
As an Admin, I want to remove comments/posts, so that I can remove inappropriate/offensive comments/posts.
As an Admin, I want to remove a user from the system, so that I can remove users with negative behaviour.
As an Admin, I want to give other users Admin privileges, so that they can help me keep the system safer and cleaner.